{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Shobhika-Regular;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red45\green49\blue64;\red81\green157\blue253;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red33\green255\blue6;\red38\green38\blue38;\red149\green255\blue145;\red81\green157\blue253;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c23137\c25490\c31765;\cssrgb\c38039\c68627\c99608\c10196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c97680\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c63529\c98824\c63529;\cssrgb\c38039\c68627\c99608;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13960\viewh14400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 # Defects found\
\
## Frontend\
\
1 NOC Dashboard - When you choose an alarm from the alarm feed, AI SITREP loads on the right. This whole UI is not using screen real-estate effectively. For example, Validation & Feedback section has rate this analysis with star rating, but the stars are not visible in full. User will not be able to provide 5-star rating. Optional comment box is tiny. The Alarm feed side is too wide, AI SITREP too narrow. On both sides of that, there is plenty of screen real-estate that is un-used.\
\
2. Incidents - We need to create a few synthetic incidents and make this page usable and testable.\
\
3. AI Scorecard - Has some random synthetic stats loaded but there is no detail behind any of them. The whole UI is simply a collection of random shallow pages. This is not Pedkai at all. Pedkai is meant to provide the NOC with usable data. I grant we have a lot of work yet to do with the backend so that this data can be fed into frontend and used properly. But the frontend on its own needs to be far more robust than it currently is.\
\
4. Topology - Missing. Needs to be built. Leave it with me for now. I\'d5ll give you specific requirements.\
\
5. Logout - Does not work.\
\
6. Pedkai icon on top left - The Pedkai name and icon should be clickable and take you back to the Home Screen. Right now, this icon does nothing. Fix it.\
\
##Backend\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 7. 
\f2\b \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 POST 
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \shad0 /tmf-api/alarmManagement/v4/alarm\

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Trying to post a realistic synthetic alarm results in 401 Error: Unauthorized response. The response body returns 
\f3\fs24 \cf4 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\{\
\pard\pardeftab720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0
\cf4   "detail": \cf7 "Not authenticated"\cf4 \
\}
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
And response headers contain:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf4 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
access-control-allow-credentials: true \cb1 \
\cb6  content-length: 30 \cb1 \
\cb6  content-type: application/json \cb1 \
\cb6  date: Mon,02 Mar 2026 10:01:57 GMT \cb1 \
\cb6  server: uvicorn \cb1 \
\cb6  www-authenticate: Bearer \cb1 \
\cb6  x-correlation-id: 33065a9d-e4e4-409d-8bd2-6123d26b8110 \cb1 \
\cb6  x-event-id: 65824ea3-9201-4b76-9920-8c75a6b7e9e3 \cb1 \
\cb6  x-trace-id: 33065a9d-e4e4-409d-8bd2-6123d26b8110 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Why? \
\
8.  
\f2\b \cf4 \cb8 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 GET 
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \shad0 /tmf-api/performanceManagement/v4/performanceMeasurement - \

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
If you choose try it out and fill in the details asked for by the UI and say execute, the response is always 401 Error: Unauthorised. If you want people to have a true ability to try things out, it should work well. Need to provide a mechanism for user to input authentication data.\
\
9. On Post incident_id api - /api/v1/incidents/\{incident_id\}/generate-siterep also the response is Error: Unauthorized.\
\
10. I did not keep a record for each failure, but most get / post things do not allow you to successfully simulate anything. What was the point of this page if not the actual trials as the ui suggests?}